A lot of the time when I'm browsing on YouTube I see these meta ad testing videos and usually
the testing strategy includes some form of e-commerce products and a crazy budget of like
$1,000 per day. Well, what about the most common advertising budget out there? 90% of the time
when someone sends me a question about the best testing strategy for their budget,
theirs or their client's budget is between 30 and $35 per day, around $1,000 per month.
That is a nice round number that most businesses are happy to dedicate to testing to see
if meta ads are going to work for their business. Perhaps you watching this
have a budget of $1,000 and that's why you clicked on the video or maybe the most common
budget your clients have is $1,000. That's the budget that 90% of local brick and mortar
businesses will have per month at least to get started. So what is the best testing process
for that budget? And we certainly can't go ahead and split tests a whole bunch of different headlines
and primary test combos and ad-created combos because we're simply going to burn through our budget
and we're not going to have any information at the end of it to understand what truly worked.
But we also need to test, we need to figure out what creators works best in that local market,
we need to know if it's images, if it's videos, what hooks work best. So what is the best testing
process? Well that is what I'm going to cover in this video. So grab your cafe in a choice,
sit back, relax, get your payment paper ready and let's get on with the video.
But first, just before we do, I almost forgot. If you clicked on this video, you're probably asking
yourself, Sam, this is great content, but what if I want a step-by-step process that teaches me all
of this as well as many other of your incredible advertising strategies all in one
place? Well today is your lucky day. On the 28th of January in just a couple of days, ad club
is launching. Ad club is my new community, for anybody who wants to get incredible results with
their meta campaigns for local businesses. It's going to be hosted on school, it's going to include
a 12 module course as well as access to myself via Q&A sessions. It's also going to be at a
affordable price point. So if you want to be one of the first few people to join, he's going to get
an exclusive discount when they join, then I've left a link down in the description box down below
where you can join the wait list and get first access when it launches. Okay, now back to the
video. So the first thing we need to understand is why do we test? Well, we test because ultimately we have
no idea what ads are going to resonate with our audience. We have some idea, but really we have no idea,
right? So what are we trying to achieve? Well, ultimately we're trying to achieve low cost per
lead whilst maintaining high quality of lead. So let's have two phases of our testing. We're testing
the Facebook ad to see what we can do to bring in the lowest cost per lead possible. And then we're
tracking on the back end to see what is the quality of those leads like and depending on that quality,
you might have to make adjustments on the front end. There's kind of two sides of the test. And this
is especially prevalent with local businesses, right? Because there's a lot. So it's not like we're
selling an e-commerce product on the internet where we can just drive customers and once person
comes customer art job is done, we're generating leads and the leads are getting contacted, they're
getting scheduled and then there is a manual process to convert that lead into a customer. So there's
two sides to it. Also, we need to understand the algorithm. Obviously, since the Android update,
there's been a few changes. So Android is met as new achiever engine, if retrieval engine sorry,
if you don't know what that is, don't worry too much about it, but what it does is it takes millions
of ads and now is down to a few thousand candidates and it does certain way meta claims as far as
much smarter and more personal than before. Best way of explaining that all it's doing is it's going
to take micro data from your ad to contain micro data from the customers and they're going to try and
match two things together. Ultimately, you don't have to try and be really specific with your audiences
and who you're targeting. What you really want to do is you want your ads to really cool out the type
of person that you're trying to target and then let meta figure out who to place that ad in front of.
That is the nuts and bots what we try and do. So the old way of advertising was to have different
ad sets where you would maybe target different pockets of people and you might have different interests,
you might have different audience segments, you might have different targeting, right? And you used to
run ads to those people and try and if each one of these is a customer demographic, you used to run
specific ads to that customer demographic and you used to Facebook used to then kind of
effects of your ad set would become the brain and your different ad sets would be targeting different
sub-setters of pockets of your audience and therefore the ads need to really speak to those people.
If it didn't perform that ad set, that audience didn't perform that didn't work. Whereas the new way of
doing it is each ad set kind of, you know, whereas the new way of doing it is to not think of each ad set
as a specific brain instead to think of the brain being at the campaign level and that campaign can see
inside of your ad set, you can see inside of your ads and it can do so and it can match one ad, one
particular user can also match another ad to another particular user and it's the signals that meta
gets from your ads that is going to help it to target the right type of user to see that particular ad.
So meta user signals sent from your ad to try and find pockets of its audience who it believes is most
like to convert in that moment. So meta AI now figures out who each ad works for so that we can put
multiple hooks and messages for different niches inside one ad set and the system automatically shows
created to people that are most likely to respond to that ad. Okay, ultimately we used to segment
audiences ourselves, now meta segments, the audience based upon the created that we give it.
Sounds very complicated, it's really not very complicated. If I'm losing you please give me 30
seconds then we get into more detail. Okay, so while do we test because if we just throw all of our ads
into one ad set, right, we'd get this problem where we'd have loads of budget going towards some ads
and barely any budget going towards other ads and if you've seen my one campaign meta campaign strategy
you'll see that yes this can work sometimes but there's one downside which is that meta will overspend
in certain areas and underspend in certain areas. So one way to deal with this is to go through this
and manually turn off ads that aren't performing and allow for a spend on ads that you know haven't had
a chance to spend any money and we can go through this process but we still it's just not the most
effective way of doing it and in my experience this works better for campaigns where you already
kind of know what works, you've always done your testing stages already and you kind of know what works,
you can just share everything into one campaign because ultimately it's much easier to be able to
manage one campaign than it is to have to manage three four five or six you kind of get the idea.
So what is the alternative to doing that? Well my alternative to doing that is to set up what I would
like to call ad set groupings right or trios right. So that's where each ad set that you select has
three active ads running at any one time. Like so in this ad set we have three ads and each one of
those ads is targeting you know it has three different hooks and three different formats and three
different styles and we're effective to be grouping them in here and what this allows us to do is of course
Facebook is still going to prioritize certain ad creatives and you know it's going to maybe give more
budget to one ad and the other ad but it still gives us some element of control so we can choose what type
of ads we want to what so we can choose where our budget is going. What I also like to do with this is
I like to group these based upon ad formats. I want to say ad formats I basically say mean
type of ad that we're running. So let's say for example ad set one what ad set one might be images
right it might be statics okay so we put image here. Ad set two might be UGC creatives and I'm going
to show an example of this in a second might be UGC creatives and explain why we do this and maybe
ad set three might be I don't know slider ads or carousel ads as most people know them by right.
So why do we do this right? Well the reason we do this is because Facebook how to kind of build
in bias as to how it places your budget. So you might have noticed when you launch an ad campaign
sometimes Facebook says always a video here I'm going to go ahead and spend all of your budget
on this one video and we can completely ignore this image is because it kind of has almost like a
again I don't know if I don't know if it's true but it kind of has like a different kind of prioritization
method for images for carousels for videos and so if you've got for example an image a UGC video
and a carousel all in one ad set you're not really giving them a full chance to properly test right
and so what we can do here is we can say okay all of our images are here so we can imp these image
styles are full testing but then eat inside here we can then turn some off and we can prioritize
others and we can introduce more ads like we can try more ads until we figure out which ones were at
the best and you know once we've you know figured out for example that these images are actually
crushing it where we can go ahead and increase our budget of $45 per day and maybe maybe after three
or four days we can increase it again by to $60 per day and so what we can do is we can gradually
increase the budget within these ad sets and it gives us a certain level of control but we're also
you know we are combining things together and we're keeping everything inside of one campaign right
and you're probably thinking Sam yet another testing strategy that you're just saying and you're
not using so let me show you a live example of this inaction and if you guys who has been following me
for a long period of time knows that I'm a firm believer that there's not one ad testing strategy
that is perfect for everybody right every business is a little bit different every testing strategy
works for different types of budgets and all those sorts of things right ultimately all you're trying
to figure out is let's give each of these ads a chance to scale ultimately all you're trying to
figure out is let's give each of these different ad creatives a chance to perform let's give them
their best chance and you need an ad to spend I would say approximately one to three times your target
cost per lead before you can ultimately say that ad is no longer working so if you've got a target
cost per leave lead that you want to achieve of let's say 30 pounds if you were to only spend 15 pounds
on an ad you don't know if that ad is going to perform because you haven't even spent your top end
cost per lead target to determine that that ad is not going to perform whereas that ad spends 60 pounds
and has a low click to rate has no leads well you can say I think that ad is not going to perform very well
and therefore you can turn it off so all we need to do is we need to give our ads the best chance of
success so let's have a little look into this campaign you can kind of see a little bit of what's
going on you can see here that I've been doing this exact same testing process for a little while now
I've had different formats of style so inside of each one of these I either have images or I have
videos and then I have different types of videos so for example I might have UGC videos I might have AI
talking head videos and in this one I have static call out videos and you can see here that I'm
getting ranging results from these ads but if you look at this one in particular these are my statics
you can see I've had 21 leads 8 pounds 99 so it's a really really good cost per leave my target
cost per leave is around the 15 to 16 pound marker so we go in here you can see that I've got
currently four active ads I actually had three active ads and I've recently launched a fourth
based on the ones that were already working so inside of each of those ads has kind of got the moment
micro test going on I've got my own ads kind of competing to perform inside of that ad set and so
I wouldn't go and duplicate this and create a new ad that was a UGC ad right that would be completely
against everything it's in so the ad set but if I had another static ad that if I had for example
let's say in fact I'll just show you so we can see that this static ad performed really well it's a
text based ad and I thought okay well why don't we try that and why and so that's what I did I simply
duplicated it and now I'm testing that exact same ad in white now I might take this same concept and
then might change the headlines I might have different benefits I might try a different style
but ultimately it's all gonna be a text based static right so if I then wanted to go ahead and test
different headlines I could but they're all within that same ad set grouping and that ad set grouping
for me is static text based images okay and before we go any further one thing I'd like to say is if
you're enjoying this video and you run Facebook ads or you want to run Facebook ads for your business
subscribe to the channel it's free takes you less than five seconds to do so and it just lets you
know when I upload future videos and I've also got hundreds of videos on my channel which you can
go back and I've even created a playlist called Facebook ads so you can go through that playlist and
you can watch all of my content there's a whole bunch of it there that I've been working on over
the last few years you can go through that enjoy that content and if you do make sure you subscribe
drop a like on the video so that it helps me with the algorithm okay back to the video and
ultimately what we can also do with this is that you know if we find that one format just isn't
working for us and we've tried multiple different styles we can just bin that format off and we can say
hey how about we try some I don't know let's try some carousels or let's try some
AIUGC videos great let's try that and maybe we say oh you know they didn't work either let's try some
talking head videos and we try those talking head videos and each one of these talking heads could be
a different hook or style that's why I've done these different colors you know orange would be hook one
yellow hook two blue hook three just to give you some ideas should have mentioned that earlier on
and you can just keep on running this kind of trio of tests stages and keep doing it and you know
there's no limit you might have one asset which has two ads and you might have one that has three ads
and then one has four ads in it but ultimately you're segmenting them out so you've got a better
understanding of what's performing and it gives you a chance to actually get some spend okay to see if
they're going to perform so I want you to go away and I want you to try this for yourself the next
client that you launch give this testing strategy a little go and see if it works if it does work
combat this video jump a comment down below and tell me that I'm the best that I'm incredible
and that the best meta adds me to buy that's ever existed to on this planet earth I'm really joking
but I do really want to test out I think this is a strategy which I've recently been adopting
and it's been working really well for me remember it's constantly changing and shifting but I've been
finding this one to be working really really well before the andromeda update this wouldn't work
as well for me because I tend to base things in different hooks so each ad set would be a different
kind of demographic that I was targeting whereas now I'm finding that actually this method is working
quite well for me so I've been testing it and I'm beginning some great success but if I test something
else out in the future and that works better I'll be sure to update you guys as well so don't forget
add club launching on the 28th of January if you want to get access to that join the way
let's down below otherwise I'll see you guys in the next video