Today we're talking about storytelling.
If you want your content to perform better,
you need to learn how to tell better stories.
So in this video, I'm gonna walk through my six favorite
storytelling techniques that will massively improve your content.
After watching this, I guarantee you will think differently
about the way you write scripts and make videos.
By the way, I'm Calabay.
I've pulled over a billion views on short form video.
I've got 500,000 followers,
and I think about this stuff all the time.
All right, let's dive in.
Tip number one is what I call the dance.
All great stories are like a dance between context
and conflict.
You give a little context, the characters are on a mission,
they're doing something, and then oh no,
here comes a conflict.
You give a little bit more context,
the characters have solved that first conflict,
they're on their way, and then oh no, another conflict.
This dance is how you keep the viewer locked in.
It could be a feature film or a short form video.
The dance is always there.
Now why does this work?
Conflicts create open loops in the brain,
and then context helps close those loops.
The best explanation I've ever seen
for how to tactically implement this dance idea
is from Matt Stone and Trey Parker.
They're the ones who created South Park,
they were giving a talk at NYU, watch this.
We found out this really simple rule
that maybe you guys have all heard before,
but it took us a long time to learn it.
But we can take these beats,
which are basically the beats of your outline.
And if the words, and then,
belong between those beats,
you're f***ed, basically.
You got something pretty boring.
What should happen between every beat
that you've written down is either the word,
therefore, or but, right?
So what I'm saying is that you come up with an idea
and it's like, okay, this happens, right?
And then this happens.
No, no, no, no, it should be this happens
and therefore this happens.
But this happens, therefore this happens.
And that as soon as we are able to,
and literally sometimes we'll write it out
to make sure we're doing it,
we'll have our beats and we'll say, okay, this happened,
but then this happens and that affects this
and that does to that and that's why you get a show
that feels like, okay, this to that, to this to that,
but this, here's the complication to that.
So it's, actually, it's as simple as using the words,
but and therefore consistently throughout your script
that will create those open conflict loops.
If you're using the words and then it'll feel
like you're piling on detail after detail
and the viewer will lose interest.
Now let's quickly take a look at one
of my best performing videos.
You'll notice there are four but then conflict loops
in the first 30 seconds.
Watch this.
Crazy is happening with Stanley Cubs.
Give us your one of these.
Stanley Cubs. Stanley Cubs.
Stanley Cubs rocking up 6.7 billion views.
This 40-ounce Stanley quencher has become
the Louis Vuitton of Drinkware.
It's a status symbol.
New releases are selling out in seconds.
People are flipping them for hundreds on eBay.
Stanley the company 10x,
its revenue in four years off this single product.
But the real question is, how'd they do it?
How does Stanley Cubs go from a construction worker's
thermos to the dream Christmas gift?
I got a Stanley!
It's a wild story.
So in 2019, Stanley was actually about
to discontinue the Cubs.
But this group of mom bloggers,
the by-guide knew they were making a huge mistake.
So they cut a special affiliate deal with Stanley.
To bulk order 5,000 Cubs with a twist.
Stanley had to make them pastel colors.
Those 5,000 Cubs sold out in five days
and completely changed their philosophy on design.
But it gets even better.
A few months ago Stanley had the burning car moving.
So I'm consistently setting up these headfakes
to keep the storyline moving.
Use this but then framework next time you're writing a script.
I guarantee it'll up-level that video.
All right, tip number two is rhythm.
I talked about this a lot,
but there's this natural subconscious pacing and rhythm
that is soothing to the brain.
You can hear in my delivery,
I'm pretty decent with this natural ebb and flow.
The rhythm of the syllables when I talk
is soothing to listen to.
Now I used to be a rapper and I was a drummer growing up.
So this pacing and rhythm is kind of embedded in me
which I think is why I'm naturally good
at talking in this way.
But I do have this tactical way
that can improve anyone else at rhythm.
Take a look at this image which was written
by the legendary author Gary Provost.
Now listen as I read this.
This sentence has five words.
Here are five more words.
Five word sentences are fine,
but several together become monotonous.
Listen to what is happening.
This writing is getting boring.
The sound of it drones.
It's like a stuck record.
The ear demands some variety.
Now listen, I vary the sentence length
and I create music.
Music, the writing sings.
It has a pleasant rhythm, a lilt, a harmony.
I use short sentences and I use sentences of medium length.
And sometimes when I'm certain the reader is rested,
I will engage him with a sentence of considerable length,
a sentence that burns with energy
and builds with all the impetus of a crescendo,
the role of the drums, the crash of the cymbals.
Sounds that say, listen to this.
It is important.
So write with a combination of short, medium, and long sentences.
Create a sound that pleases the reader's ear.
Don't just write words, write music.
You see how when all the sentences in the same row
are about the same length,
it creates this monotonous predictability.
Subconsciously, people get turned off by this.
This is what makes them churn to the next video.
What you want is to use a variety of sentences
and syllable combinations to create this unpredictable rhythm.
Now, if you look at my script document,
I write every sentence on a separate line.
If you look straight down, it'll look like a jagged edge.
And that confirms that I'm using different length sentences.
Next time you're writing a script, try to look for this.
If you see your document and all the sentences
seem to end at around the same point,
you don't have enough diversity
and it will feel like this monotonous plotting.
All right, lesson three is tone.
The most successful creators in every discipline
are the ones with the most conversational tone.
It really feels like you're right in the room with them.
Emma Chamberlain ascended to start them so quickly
because she was naturally amazing at this.
Casey Neistat's another one that's really good at this.
When you watch his videos and you listen to him talk,
it feels like he's right in the room with you.
Now, the person I learned from most about this
was Steve Jobs.
If you watch his original keynote
from the first iPhone launch in 2008,
he is amazing at creating this conversational room.
Like you and him are just golf buddies shooting the shit.
Now, this is very intentional and took years of practice
for him to hone in.
He's also very gifted at it.
By doing this, Emma, Casey, Steve and others
are able to break down that conscious barrier
of personal identity when you watch.
Instead of you questioning to yourself,
am I getting sold to, you get out of your own mind
and just feel like you're in a conversation.
Like, you would have to answer a question
that they ask you directly.
In a way, you forget where you are
and that's the magic of this.
Now, I'm still working on this myself.
I've only been making content for like 18 months,
but if you go back to my first 50 videos,
it really does feel like I'm talking at you
instead of with you.
The best hack to go way to get better than this
other than just 100 reps is to write and film your videos
as if you're talking to one close friend.
If you have to, just print out a picture of them
and tape it on the bottom of your camera lens
so you're literally looking at them as you record.
And when you write your scripts,
make it so like you're typing a text
or recording an audio note directly to them.
Over time, you'll get better at this conversational nature
but it will feel like you're having a one-on-one conversation.
That's how you break down this barrier.
Cone is one of those things that inevitably
you will get better over time.
The more you film, the more you forget
that the camera is just a camera.
All right, tip number four is direction.
This may seem counterintuitive,
but the best place to start when you're writing a story
is the end.
Figure out what the end is gonna be
and then work backwards from there.
I like to call the last line of my script the last step
because I wanted to be so memorable
that if that's all someone heard,
they'd be willing to share it with a friend.
In short, from video especially, the video is designed to loop.
So the last line is actually a setup
for the first lines as it replace.
I think that this is a lot like baseball.
The nine-hitter is supposed to set the table
for the top of the order.
It's the exact same thing with the last line
or two of your video.
When you're thinking about how to write the script,
focus on where you wanna take the viewer.
What do you wanna leave them with?
What do you want the last thing they hear to be?
Then you can work backwards from there
and build up that dance in the middle.
When I think about someone that does this super well,
it's Christopher Nolan.
Think about his film's tenant inception interstellar.
These are extremely complicated plot lines that inevitably
he had to work out the end before he could build up
the conflict in the middle.
Now, you're probably not shooting feature films,
but this same logic can be applied to all types of content.
Usually when I'm writing scripts,
I'll write the first and last line.
I'll go in between, create a bunch of space,
and then I'll fill it in.
That's a good tactic way to try to get better at this.
All right, tip number five is a concept
that I call story lenses
and it's a way to get better at producing
unique content for social media.
In today's day and age, finding a cool topic is not enough.
Unless you're super niche down,
there's likely dozens of other people
that are talking about that same topic.
So how do you differentiate?
A story lens is your unique angle
or spin on a particular story.
Imagine a beam of light.
The beam of light's coming across the screen.
The naked beam, everyone looks at and sees the same thing.
It's like this white beam of light.
But as soon as you put a lens or a prism in front of the light,
what people see will look differently than the main beam.
Think of that prism or that lens as your story lens.
It's your unique fingerprint
and how you uniquely tell the story about that topic.
Let's take an example, when Taylor Swift went to the Super Bowl.
The most common lenses would have been to talk about
what she's wearing or when she's getting there
or what her facial reaction is to something.
A lot of people covered those exact same stories.
A less common lens would be to talk about a prediction
for what you think might happen,
less people would have that.
But an even less common lens would be to talk about
the business impact that she was driving
on the NFL for being at the game.
And that's the lens that I chose to take
because I thought I could be a category of one.
That's why I ultimately made this video
and it pulled a million views.
It was different.
My story lens was something unique
that people hadn't seen before.
All right, the last tip, number six is the hook.
Now I love this for last because everybody
always talks about the hook first.
And it makes sense.
It is very important.
If people churn on the hook,
the rest of what I talked about doesn't really matter.
So I've got two ways to level up your hooks.
The first is that your first line should be as punchy
and as indicative of the plot as possible.
If the video is about your best garden techniques,
the hooks should be some derivative of,
these are the best garden techniques for X
or I've got these garden techniques
or this thing is a garden technique that you should study.
You shouldn't start your hook with some open opaque line
like, wait till you see this or you're never gonna believe this
because if the first line doesn't immediately grab the viewer
in short form video, you're dead.
The second point on hooks that's extremely powerful
and something I overlooked for a long time
is that visual hooks are 10 times more effective
than audio only hooks.
What does this mean?
When you're on the screen and you're saying something
but the only thing the viewer can see
is your mouth moving and maybe the captions dancing,
that's gonna be way less effective
than if you put a visual on the screen
for them to look and react to
because people's eyes perceive faster
than their ears can hear.
So you wanna compliment what you're saying
with a visual on the screen.
This is a visual hook.
Somebody that's really good at this is my friend Kevin
from Epic Gardening.
If you watch his videos, he immediately shows a visual
that confirms what he's talking about.
Like this one about strawberries.
Before I hear anything he says,
I see a strawberry on the screen, it's vivid red.
Immediately I know this video's gonna be about strawberries.
If I like strawberries, I'm gonna stick around
to see what he's saying.
Now I've started testing this
and I've noticed the visual hook aspect
has been super helpful at retaining viewers.
So in summary, when you're thinking about your hook,
get to the point and show while you tell.
All right, that's it for this one.
If you liked this video and got value from it,
I host the free community for people
that are trying to level up their content.
Creators, entrepreneurs, marketers,
it's called Wavy World.
I've got all types of videos like this.
How to pick content, topics, editing tips,
how to create formats and series.
If you need content to help improve your business
or build your personal brand,
you should be in there, it's completely free.
In the meantime, keep me posted
on what you thought of this video
and we'll see you guys on the next one.
Peace.