The human brain is a computer program that can create miracles, but also has bugs.
When you sell product, if you don't design your offer to account for these bugs, you end up
bankrupt. But if you truly get out people make decisions, you can help more people get paid
more to help those people, and you can build a business that is highly profitable and highly ethical,
which is a rarity these days. And I'm going to show you how to do just that. My name is Jason
Fladlin. I'm the best-selling author of the book, One to Many. I've designed offers that have done
9.8 million in eight days, and others that have done 57 million dollars in 226 days. I've consulted
on offers with folks like Alex Hermosi, and made offers to companies like Zoom. These days,
I work with a small group of 7, 8, 9 figure companies, helping them improve their offers. And the
encyclopedic knowledge that I have would exceed 100 plus one hour long YouTube videos. But there are
eight simple offer moves I can show you to help you better speak the value language of your customers.
So put your seatbelt on, and let's dig in because I want to help some of you become millionaires.
Number one, short-circuit the anchor. Tell me if you think that this is a coincidence.
ChatGPT is $20 a month. Claude Pro is $20 a month. Microsoft Copilot is $20 a month.
Google AI Pro is $20 a month. Every market has price anchors that naturally emerge, whether it's
soft drinks, books, massages, or maza rotties. Sometimes it's a function of margin. Everyone is
selling at the least market possible to stay competitive, but that is rare. Usually it's for two
reasons. One, consumers have been anchored to buy at that price, and so they've come to expect
something to be worth that much. And two, ease. You have a million decisions you make as a business owner,
so it's easy just to go with a similar price as everyone else. So how could we use this knowledge
to our advantage? Well, what you could do is offer a ChatGPT, Claude Copilot, and Google AI Pro,
all of them for the same price as any one of them. That's what a client of mine did, and build a
company valued at over $50 million in less than 16 months. But how could you deliver on this? His offer.
Different AI's have different superpowers, so instead of you having to manage many different
subscriptions and figuring out when to use which AI for what, just use our tool, which is trained to
take your input and route it specifically to the best AI for that task. Now as long as he can
manage the token usage of his subscribers, he has a better offer than any AI on the market.
The big lesson here, don't sell the same thing as everyone else at the same price,
sell something that is overwhelmingly more valuable at the same price. But not all offers allow this.
So here's another technique that may be more your style. Number two, juice the deliverables.
The Amix Platinum Card is a God tier offer. While other credit cards are free, you have to pay
$895 for an Amix Platinum card, which I happily do because it gets me $600 in hotel credits,
$400 in dining credits, $200 in Uber Cash, and it pays for my YouTube premium. In other words,
I spend $895 to save $1,500. And there isn't an offer alive where you cannot do something similar.
Amix isn't in the hotel dining or taxi business. Instead, they form partnerships with premium brands
in those industries and create win-win deals. Amix is legion for hotels like Waldorf Astoria,
so Waldorf gives Amix holders special deals in returns. And when you stay in a hotel,
you don't just spend money on the room. Your order room service should go to the spa and you pay
for the valet with a credit card given Amix and the hotel more business. There are complimentary services
to what you offer right now who will do deals with you to allow you to give your customers something that
costs you nothing to add and is free to the customer. And the only thing stopping you is you haven't
reached out yet. So go make deals. This is a major reason we were able to sell $9.8 million in eight days
because our bonuses, many of which were from third parties, were more valuable than the product
itself. Number three, shrink the market. Imagine your hairline is like mine. And you have two doctors
who are offering to fix it. The first doctor says his procedure like really works well brother.
And the second doctor has restored hundreds of men to Elon hairline levels. The more results you have
and show the more valuable your offer is. But here is the problem. How do you get more results for
your customers than anyone else? There are two ways to do this. One, become superhuman awesome at what
you do or two, shrink your market so you're the only one who does what you do. The dance here is the
overlap between what people will pay for and what your competition won't narrow in on. I'm the
webinar go to have more results when it comes to doing and teaching webinars than anyone on the planet.
You against me head on is not in your favor. But I don't offer webinar slide design services or
ad creative strategies to promote webinars. And while I can and do webinars in all sorts of
industries, I'm not branded to any one specific industry. So if you figured out how to do webinars to
black holistic wellness coaches and you get more results specific to that niche, you would crush me
in that market. Almost every broad offer starts narrow. Facebook's original market was just 20,000
Harvard students. Airbnb started with people renting out air mattresses during conferences. What not
begin as a live auction app for Funko Pop collectors and today does over $8 billion in annual sales.
The goal is to deliver the best overall results, but the best results to a narrow specific group,
and then you use those results to go really big. Number four, safe is sexy. When we were selling upwards
of $67 million of Amazon training software and services, we became a target. Every competitor's
pitch became, this is why my thing is better than selling on Amazon. And they would attack the model.
They would say things like it's super expensive to get started with your inventory and it's not
your platform so they can kick you off of it whenever they want and it takes weeks to get up and running.
But none of that really mattered because Amazon had an advantage that no other opportunity did
and I can sum it up with one word. Trust. Who do you think people are more comfortable buying from?
Some no-name site that just popped up yesterday is going to drop ship you some widget or the most
trusted brand online where they already have your credit card on file and you can buy with a single
click. Making buyers feel like they can't lose is at the heart of a killer offer. Birken bags go for
about $15,000 entry level but every woman who buys one feels like she's getting a deal. Why? Because
it maintains its resell value. So most women buying these bags have zero intention of ever selling them
but they justify the purchase because they could sell them if they needed to. I had a client who's
offer was complete my course and I will give you your money back. Brilliant. He paid back 5% of his
customers but he doubled his conversion rate. Another time we ran a promo for a Facebook ad training
program. Our offer was run ads with this system exactly how we describe it but if you don't get
positive row ads will reimburse your ad spend up to $5,000 because the risk of buying isn't just the
price of your product. It's all the additional costs that are involved. Minimize risk for your offers
by compensating for those costs. Number 5 reason why. We did a lot of work with Chinese manufacturers
a few years back but at first it was super hard because we were too trustworthy. In that culture if you're
not violating somebody's IP or cutting some corner then you're too weird to do business with
so we'd have to make up some reason to appear crooked just to conduct real business like oh yeah we
recommend this product because we're getting a kickback on it. If I said I had a premium sofa
for sell that was just as good as any on the market but only half the price you wouldn't buy it because
you wouldn't believe me but if I explained that it had a slight bit of damage that you really can't see
but because of that damage I must liquidate it just a little bit above cost then you'd go out of your
way to buy it from me before somebody else did. In fact I find these selfish appeals are the strongest
you can make when creating killer offers like when we do our better than money back guarantees
my pitches listen if you can't make the business work I'll buy the business from you out of markup
because I definitely can make it work or when we add third-party bonuses giving customers software
for free that they'd otherwise have to pay for. I say I know once you start using the software and
grow your business to a certain point then you'll upgrade and I get a commission when you become a paid
user which I expect you will because after you sell 100K through the free version you can easily
upgrade out of profit but if you just say here's this great software you normally pay for that I
included for free your audience thinks this software sucks and you're just trying to trick me to buy.
Number six better off quick I'm sure you heard the phrase time is money it isn't time is more valuable
than money so the quicker you could produce an ROI on time the easier your offer is to sell if you
want to do improve your writing you could buy books on the subject you could watch a hundred thousand
YouTube videos for free and you could get feedback from coaches that you could hire or you could just
go to Hemmingwayapp.com and without even signing up for an account immediately within seconds start
seeing improvements on your writing. OpusClip is valued at 200 plus million because they take long
form content and clip it for short form media faster than any other service alive. Now are the clips
any good? Not really but they are very fast and the alternative is to do it yourself which is
really slow or to pay someone to do it for you which is really expensive. The goal here is to get a
win for your audience faster than any other option available. Number seven hack effort quizzes are a great
marketing vehicle they get you data on your customer base and psychologically make your customers more
committed to doing business with you. The only problem here is the effort involved for the user to
answer all of those damn questions which is what makes type form genius. Instead of showing every
question on a single page what type form does is use progressive disclosure this means they only put
one question on the screen at a time and now it feels so much easier it's cleaner and that makes
compliance go way up. There are three major categories of effort that you can optimize for mental
emotional physical type forms optimization is mostly mental you use less brain power to get the
same exact result there's no clutter no distraction and it's obvious what you need to do next you get
even more upside if you could reduce the emotional effort involved with buying and using your product.
This is the wheel of emotion I use it all the time when helping clients design offers and funnels.
Our goal here is to make it easier for our users to feel positive emotions things like inspiration
hope courage respect and to minimize the cost of any negative emotions things like shame and frustration
and stress now I'm old enough to remember actually shopping at blockbuster and there was a lot of shame
around returning a movie late you felt like the cashier was judging you when you sheepishly brought
back the movie and overdue so when Netflix came out with no late fees ever for its movies now this is
before they did the streaming it felt so much safer and then there's the physical effort every click
every tap every scroll all of this requires a physical movement the fewer of them needed the
better tender understood this and that's why they went with a swipe left or swipe right where can you
reduce unnecessary physical emotional and mental effort for your users with your offer number eight
status management will this help me get laid more easily you solve for that and you can make
millions the cars the watches the clothes the muscles the money these are all proxies for status for men
women do it too the purses the makeup the Botox the Pilates but it goes way beyond the obvious
nearly every product you can sell either enhances or depletes status now this dawned on me when we
switched up from selling Google SEO coaching to teaching people how to sell on Amazon Google SEO is
nerd stuff it's weird and people just don't get it everyone got Amazon so when you said i sell
products on Amazon at parties people were genuinely impressed a big part of status is identity and if
you want to position yourself as valuable you directly attack the identity of the other products
that are out there PCs were for nerds apples for the cool kids never mind that apple is a PC they
just differentiated their PC so thoroughly you couldn't even compare it to those gray industrial
boxes that came before them old people use Facebook TikTok is for the kids Prius is for tree huggers
Tesla is for people who want to go ludicrous speeds Spotify wrapped allows you to show how cool your
music taste is and get hub developers joke about grass touching because they're too busy stacking
these little green squares commits pull request mergers which show how much they contribute to the
community if engineers go gaga over little green squares what can you do for your users to increase
status that the competition ignores how can you make them look cooler in public how do you minimize
status risks and how do you combine all of these principles together to create a truly killer offer