Alex Hormosi runs a portfolio of companies that drives over $200 million per year
and whether you agree with everything the guy says, or not, his Facebook ad strategy is something
that should be studied. Because the principles that he teaches and executes behind the scenes
are the same ones that you should be applying to your Facebook ad strategy in 2026. The strategies
that I'm going to break down in this video are the same strategies that we're applying for the over
100 brands that we work with right now at the Moonlighters. And while Alex Hormosi has thousands
of videos nearly impossible to watch them all, over the last month, me and my team have deduced
down these principles to three core strategies that you can follow. If you have a chicken the ad,
you'll get more chicks. If you've got a black dude in the ad, so get more black dudes. If you've got
old guy, you'll get more old guys. If you talk about Christian stuff in the crossbind, you'll get
more Christian people. So just make sure that your message matches the prospect that you're trying to
reach. Who you actually talk about in your ad has a direct relationship to who the ad is shown to.
You don't need to focus on targeting as much as you used to. You need to focus on the content that
you create to target the avatar for you. And so it really should be more than ever a value per second
and then with an extra slice of avatar. And what Andromeda did was amazing and terrible at the same time.
So it was amazing for consumers. It was amazing for advertisers, but it was a double-edged store. And so
what Andromeda basically did was how can we make the news feed as valuable as possible, which is
always what Meta is going to try and optimize for. You'll notice that more and more ads are niche
specific in general. And so it's like it's sub segmented down. So if you have a plumber who's
wearing his plumber stuff, doing plumber things and you're talking about plumbing stuff, it's going to
get shown to plumbers. Now the upside is because the targeting gotten so much better, your cost per
result is going down. So effectively what Alex is talking about is right on my screen here.
Facebook ads used to work in a way where you would have your audience and then create a bunch of ads
for that audience, even targeting that audience specifically through interspace targeting. It then
shifted to a concept slash avatar focused algorithm. The concept itself matches to the audience.
Another way to think about this is you have an avatar and a template or an angle that actually
creates the concept that matches to the audience. So when you call out the specific avatar,
it targets the audience directly put into actual practice. You might have an example like this where
you have two different marketing angles from the same brand targeting completely different
avatars. One that's for better poop, better digestion and the other one that is for keeping your hair
thick and full. Totally separate problems, solution from the same exact product. And so I'm a part of
Alex Formozzi's private group for $1 million plus business owners. And I posted my full take on
Andromeda. And before I break this down, which I will in a second, note that the man himself
replied and gave me the stamp of approval. So just like Formozzi mentioned, Andromeda is the
for you algorithm. The algo curates content to specific people, which are avatars. Those avatars
are specific people that your ad is for every avatar has a problem and your product is the solution.
So your job to beat this algorithm is to define your problems, define your mechanism, which is why
your product works and then build concepts which are avatars and templates put together and then
eventually create iterations on the best performing ads. Here's what Formozzi has to say about iterations.
Who's running ads to their stuff? Can I get hands real quick? Okay, so about half of you.
Yeah, obviously you've probably already seen this. You need to make way more ads than you did before
and you have to weigh more segmented in your audiences in terms of your callouts and your messaging
than you did before. So if you have, instead of making one ad for plumbers, make 10 ads with
slightly different slices of plumbing. Like, you want to get as niche as you possibly can because
your cost per result is going to go down, which is a good thing, but you're going to have to burn
through more of it. But that's the nature of the game now. So precisely what Formozzi is saying is
you find an angle, you find an avatar and then you go deep on that avatar. So you go horizontal first
and you go very deep on that one thing that really works. These are called iterations. And we can see
that right here through grooms. Just in the example I gave you before, when we look at healthy hair,
right, this is an ad angle targeting a very specific avatar. And then we have a bunch of different
iterations. So for example, we've male and female similar assets. Then we just have a bunch of
different angles showing more and more proof. And if you go into the grooms ad library, you'll see
thousands, literally thousands of ads targeting these specific angles. And the way that advertising
is moving in general, it's going to be about hyper personalization. So with AI, you can create way
more permutations, but faster. And so I think we're going to have personalization at scale. And that's
2026. So let's break this down another way. Why this is important. I'm going to show you some numbers
here as well, because this is going to tie a lot together. Basically, when you have different concepts,
those match to audiences, we can call these concepts, we can call these avatars, we can call these
angles. It's all relatively the same thing for the sake of this conversation. And let's say one of your
ads that you created was from Nike and it was a pair of shoes. If you figure out that this ad in
particular works very well, your job is then to create a bunch of different iterations of this ad.
It doesn't mean you just take the same shoe and you slap a different headline on top of it. But it
does mean that this angle, maybe the shoe, maybe the style, maybe the tone, something works about
it. You need to go deeper on it. The second thing that we need to understand is that when we actually
look at the ad account performance, things are going to differ based on different avatars. For example,
some angles slash avatars are going to be more scalable than others. Now, old school Facebook would
favor the highest return on ad spend, but then your results would fall off a cliff. So what winds up
happening in new school and drama to error Facebook is that each angle drives different performance.
So let's just say number one up here can spend $100 a day at a five X return on ad spend. This
angle as a whole could spend a hundred bucks at a five X number two could spend a thousand dollars
and it could do so at a four X number three could spend 10 K a day, but it can only do so at a two.
And the number three in the bottom one down here could spend $500 a day and it could do so at a 3.5.
Now, your gut is naturally going to be to say I want to spend all my money on the $100
at a five X. Of course, like we want that. We do want higher returns generally speaking,
but what is actually relevant for the business today is to understand that each of these are
exclusive from one another. So this angle here are not interfering with this angle here or this
angle here. These are separate because everything is broken by avatar. So instead, as long as the
angle or the avatar or the concept is a whole as a collective are driving above your return
efficiency metric that you need, like if it's row as you need a 2X row as or higher, as long as it's
driving above that efficiency metric, then you keep it active, you keep it running. So we could stack
angles, we could stack avatars. That's exactly what Grooons does. You can look at any major retailers
at account right now is exactly what they're doing. Now, you've probably realized you need to create
a lot of creative in order to scale, find different avatars and ultimately keep your efficiencies
relatively stable. You could keep your accounts stable, meaning not spend with a low amount of ads,
but if you really want to scale, you need more creative. So here's one of the ways Alex Hormozzi
is actually taking his organic content and turning it into ads. We pump out 450 pieces or whatever
it is of content per week. And you know, it's really cool. The other thing we'll just tell you,
which of these are the best and most interesting. And so then what we do is we take those things and
then just run them as ads. Take the ads or take the content and then just literally put it
overlay, just put a banner that's just like click to grab a thing, like it people get it. If the thing
was good, they're like, that was good. I'll take the action to the platform, you know, allows me to
take right now. So this is a typical creative flywheel. This is what we implement for most of the brands
that we work with. And this is what Alex Hormozzi recommends to do. He essentially recommends to
short line the creative process. Instead of looking at your winning ads and your competitors winning ads
to create new ads, you also in addition, take your organic winners and just drop them right into your
ad account, wait, analyze and then cook up more winners. So the whole process now changes a little bit.
You go from looking at your competitors, looking at your winning ads, creating ads from those, waiting,
analyzing and then having the cycle repeat, repeat, repeat to inserting organic winners in the process
as well. And the cool part about organic winners is that they're already semi proven. Now don't
forget to get a little advance on stuff like this, use minimums and maximums to make sure that every ad
gets adequate testing spent and don't allow organic viral content to take up too much of your ad account
spend that's not actually driving the return that you need. By the way, if you're finding this valuable,
let me know in the comments below which of these strategies you're going to implement. First, I read all
the comments and I'll try to reply with some strategic advice as well. Okay, now you've got the framework,
you understand the core principles that Alex Hormozzi is following to actually build out his business
for his massive portfolio company. But knowing the philosophies is just a fraction of the battle.
Now you need to implement these strategies. So if you want to see the full robust setup that we use
here at the Moonlighters that we call the M4 method for actually setting up your campaign structure,
going through creative strategy and everything in between, click on this video right here to go through
everything A to Z. That is all for today's video. As always, let me know if you got value out of this
and I will see you very soon.