Oh
Yeah
Who did you get naked with the goal?
Got me reminiscing about my whole day three six such a nigga dick no four-play all day women out the trap through the hallway
Tell me what you niggas know about I'm just saying turn it down. Oh, she finna call her cops leaving potten on the ice sheet
And one who got the drive just a free quick fix to the eight and it's okay. They're gonna take me back to my old ways
I was trying to chill my skills. I but since I got a deal kicking with my model chicks it Chris fuck
Bitches win the dish now. I got to let them know what's really true. Blow a pretty flack of Jordy
I
Never looking for no hand out broke cash niggas never helping with a hands-out find out where the fuck niggas live that we can't
Fuck the world never catch me with my pants down. Oh, he's been a stand-up guy. I read the stand-up. What is up?
Legends
It's mark here and we live baby. What's going on? What is up legends?
What's up?
man
Not gonna lie
I just wanted that intro to keep going for the entire duration of this live
But you know I had to cut it cuz today we are talking about how to make ads at scale post and drama to
Let me tell you something
This last weekend we had our elite mastermind some of the top entrepreneurs
quite literally in the world in the e-commerce space we're at this event and
And this was a very
Very common theme of a lot of entrepreneurs that are struggling with their ads posts in drama
Especially within the past few months if you've noticed a little dip in your ad performance
Totally normal totally normal
But doesn't mean that we got to accept it right in this video. We're gonna talk about how to make ads at scale posts and drama
Because you do things a little bit differently
Right the game quite literally has changed
But before we get into it, let me know where you all are listening in from in the chat. Let's get it popin
Let's have some fun. Let's have some value
Drop today. I got about 45 minutes with you all. Let's have a good time. All right. Let's fucking run more ads, bro. Fuck
What's up? What's up? We got Tyler?
Christian. What's up, bro?
To why Alexander was good
Christian
Adrian chase chase the money on the chat everyone say was up to chase my man. We got
Adrian bro was gonna hit one little month got banned by Shopify payments any advice
The only advice there is you got to you got to rotate into other mids brother never be dependent
Never never never be dependent on one of anything. They have one payment processor
It's only a matter of time until you get fucked if you have one ad account
It's only a matter of time until you get fucked if you have one page
It's only a matter of time if you get fucked one pixel like it goes for everything one of anything is an incredible risk to your business
So you just you're gonna have to start opening up other merchant processing accounts man
I don't know whatever what other solution there is aside from appealing the
The ban from Shopify payments aside from that bro. You got to move on to the next one on to the next
Do you think listening to yeat raises row S
Listen man, I don't think
It raises row S. I know it raises row S
It's quite it's quite a phenomenon. I think they call it the ninth wonder of the world you literally just put on
You put on money to work while you're running your ads
The row S will go up. I promise you that's a guarantee
All right, who else we got meditation doctor. What's up? Marko from Serbia? We got Germany Denmark. We got the Louisiana, Thailand
Wisconsin, France, England, Malaysia, California
All right
Mito what's up, bro?
Dude, Mashamine was fucking amazing fucking amazing best one we've ever had
Best elite Mashamine in the books got Romania in the building. What's up India Egypt?
Netherlands Brazil
God damn we're all over the world man. This is beautiful. This is amazing. I actually there's there's a few people that have been in my
Lives, I mentioned the elite elite Mashamine they showed up and I met him in person. It's fucking awesome
Because basically I'm just a dude with no shirt on
Talking behind the camera. I don't know who I'm talking to
But to actually meet these people in person. It's very cool. Anyways, let's get into it chat
Legends how do you make ads at scale posts and drama to update so number one before you
Take everything that I'm about to say
go to my YouTube channel and look at my most recent video on
How to scale post in drama because I actually break down how the and drama update really works
I'll do like a spark notes for everybody here, but that video does go into substantially more depth
So if you haven't already make sure you watch that video
so
The the first question is of course like why why did Facebook come along and drop this massive update on everybody?
Why did they do it?
We're rescaling too hard
Well, they just trying to fuck shit up. No, there was there was a reason that they had to to do this
And they actually say this in their own documentation why in drama was was built in the first place
And the reason that it was built is because over the last let's just say the last 12 months
What has happened has been there has been a massive increase in the supply of
creatives that is entering the auction and
The reason why that's a problem is
Is basically the system that was built pre and drama it's not built to sustain an
Increased supply of ad creatives be injected into the algorithm. So is this a fault of the run more ads movement
Where I'm collectively increasing everybody CPMs? No comments. All right, no comment
But I will tell you this because of AI and generative AI that allows you to make creatives especially static but videos as well
So much faster so much easier volume
Became a non-issue previously you had to have copywriters graphic designers
You had to have you know experience managing a team you had to have all these variables
To be able to substantially increase the quantity of creatives that you're injecting into your ad account
But after AI it's hard to get very very big again my bad
Downs on me
The old system of sorting through such a of insane increase in ad creatives
The old system just not able to sustain this and so they've launched the drama update
Which is using more powerful super computer chips from Nvidia specifically in the ad retrieval process
So if you break down the Facebook ads, you know algorithm
It's actually a four-step process because every single day there are literally tens of millions of ads that are being launched
And that Facebook Instagram meta has to sort through to identify which ad to serve to which customer and because of the increase
That's why this new
In drama update was launched in the first place
So every single day 10 million ads, right? And as soon as you open your phone within 200 milliseconds
Facebook has to know exactly what ads it is going to show to its consumers that are on the app, right?
It's users and so it's a four-step process of
Number one being retrieval which you turn
10 million plus ads into a few thousand
This is the ad retrieval process. So if you hear anybody say ad retrieval
This is the first step of the process. There's ad retrieval. There is heavy sorting
There is light sorting and then there is ranking the other three steps
I just mentioned are not relevant to this particular video because
Nothing has changed there. What has really changed is the most data intensive step which is
Simply finding that the generally relevant ads that is going to serve a specific user
Again, this is called ad retrieval
So with this update
The indrometer update is specifically focused on the retrieval process, right?
So I'm going to do my best to visualize this. I haven't I did not prepare for
Visualizing this, but I think if I can visualize you'll be able to understand it significantly better
Previously the algorithm was individually looking at every single creative
Which sounds great because then every single creative whether that's an iteration or completely new concept it gets the same amount of weight
Which is the reason why when I would say you know when you're launching creatives or when you're
Working on a new creative batch of scale up your ad spend there should be roughly an 80-20 ratio
between new concepts fuck new concepts and
iterations where the 80% would actually be the iterations
iterations variations same thing and the 20% would be new concepts now
Let me let me explain the difference here because if you don't understand the difference between new concepts and iterations
None of the rest of this video is going to make sense
iterations is taking something that is clearly working and making variations of it pretty simple
So let's take two examples number one a video ad
Previously to indrometer the way that I would launch VSL would basically be like this I would have one script I
Launched it with three different basically hooks and by hooks. I only mean the text that is going to be appearing on screen in that in that first frame
And then also three variations two to three variations of
Skirlstoppers, which is of course the video that is appearing behind the hook text
This resulted in nine
Variations of one new concept so the one new concept in this case is
Descript but I was able to launch nine individual variations of every single ad
When it came to like launching VSLs, right? So this is kind of the old way of doing things
Because previously the retrieval model was looking at every single one of these nine
Variations individually and if you had one variation of a specific hook and a specific
Skirlstopper relating to the script
You're basically going with like the shotgun approach and you're able to increase your potential win rate by testing these small
Little variations specifically in the first few seconds because that is where the biggest impact is going to be had right the biggest impact
It's going to be the hook in the Skirlstopper. We all know that the first portion of the ad is the most important if you fuck it up
It doesn't matter what's after that right now
What do I do now because this this generally?
Not to say that it doesn't work, but it is to say it's probably going to be a solid waste of your money
So remember how I mentioned 80 20 ratio where it's 80% iterations and 20% new concepts
The new way like basically post and drama what I recommend doing is basically
Flipping that ratio on its head
Which means you want to substantially increase the number of new concept that you're testing so that that is actually the 80% and the 20% is the
Variations, right? So 80% would be the
NC for new concepts 20% here would be the
Variations iterations I'll just put VAR okay this is how
Generally when I'm launching a new batch of creatives. This is much closer to the proportion
Compared to what we're doing previously now. Why is this the case like what it what it in drama?
But I really do well like I said because of the influx of ad creatives largely due to AI
Indromeda is a new new mechanism of retrieving the ad so remember I was talking about the ad retrieval process up here
Which is taking the 10 millions of ads and basically narrowing them down to the thousands of ads that are generally relevant to your target audience
The new model with and drama is using AI to group creatives basically into containers. So if you had like
Let's see here if you had a bunch of ads and each one of these little circles is like a new ad that you're launching but they're all variations like it's all the same
VSL script
Basically like a new concept, but you still launch a bunch of different variations of them the way that
Andromeda is viewing this now when it's going through the retrieval process is this is basically one ad
It's grouping all of the iterations all the variation together in a container and it's in its overall
Kind of grading that that container as a whole instead of sorting through every single creative individually
Does that make sense like this is very very important if you guys understand this you're ahead of like 95% of people if that makes sense
Just give me like a give me a yes in the chat. Just type yes in the chat. So I know we're good
This is how it's viewing things now. So it's it's not looking at individual creatives one by one, especially if
They are incredibly similar to each other
So like the statement that you should have kind of like ingrained in your head is you want to win to win on paid ads on Facebook
You need a high volume of
Diverse creatives
High volume of diverse creatives. So you have the
Quantity piece which is high volume and then you have the quality piece which is measured in terms of diversity
So if I was to go and launch a brand new ad account and I had this ingrained in my head. I need a high volume of diverse
creatives
How am I launching ads now like if I was to launch a new brand today? What would what would the
Creative structure actually look like well, I would take instead of you know only like three to five
ads I would actually increase this instead of like three to five ads that are all
Relatively unique to each other. I would not do this instead. I would do around 10 to 15
Individual creatives. I'm saying ads, but creative same thing, but they are literally all
New concepts
Every single one
Now I'm going to get into like what actually constitutes a new concept. I think you guys understand it conceptually
pun intended
But I'll get into actually like what a new concept really looks like
But the most important thing when like when you think of the word new concept, it should be
Completely different from any other ad that you're launching
So this is how I would do it
I wouldn't be launching three to five ads. I would launch around 10 to 15 and they would all be completely new concepts
Okay, so let me dive into the new concepts portion and then I'm going to show you how I'll act I would actually structure the ad account because that is also changed slightly as well
So new concepts
What actually constitutes a new concept versus guys writing is rough dude
What constitutes a new concept versus a variation?
New concept number one could be a new format
By format, I mean are you running a long-form VSL?
Are you running a mini VSL?
Are you running kind of a traditional short-form
Dropshipping style kind of ad? Are you running a UGC ad? Are you running a
You know a static ad are you running like a static ad with like you know kind of the native style where it's super high-curiosity
You're kind of baiting the click a little bit and then you do more of the selling post
Post-click, you know on your landing page on your funnel with
Advatorials and listicles and in like the Chad funnel that would be another format another format could be
Interview format another format could be podcast format notice you could have like a very very similar script
But you're introducing a new format and what this is telling Facebook is that this is a new concept because this is highly diverse
This is completely different from the other ads are comparing it to like if I had if I was selling a product that was related to
Foot pain as an example
I could have a podcast format between like an authority figure like a doctor and
You know that doctor is kind of the main person that's actually on the app could be like fake podcast format because a lot of people
If I can do that you could have that same authority figure as a doctor being represented in a static ad with long-form copy
You can have that same doctor
But in like kind of TikTok short-form
Format these are all different formats each one of these is a new concept, okay?
What is another example of a new concept another example is the
archetype
Which is really just a fancy way of saying
What customer are you actually speaking to because like I said not every
Customer or like I say in other videos not every customer buys for the same reason
So you have specific archetypes of customers that you are attracting so changing the entire messaging
Of your creative is another way to have a new concept so let's go back to the foot pain example if you have a
Doctor that is speaking to about your foot issues in a podcast format like that's one cool format
But let's say another archetype doesn't really resonate with that particular authority figure maybe they went to the doctor and
The doctor actually dismissed their foot pain. They're like, oh yeah, just like get some insoles and like you'll be fine
You've got the insoles and you still have the fucking foot pain go back to the doctor like oh, I can prescribe you some pain medication and
You know, they give you the prescription and you're on your way. You still have the foot pain
This is a different kind of person. It's gonna be buying for you because they they feel like disenfranchised by their doctors
They don't feel like a doctor's like a position of authority
They feel like a doctor's a person that is just trying to like shove these
prescriptions and these pharmaceuticals down their throat to fix the problem when really it doesn't fix anything
It's just it's just fixing the symptoms of the problem so
Speaking to different archetypes is another perfect example
Maybe you still have the same format like a podcast format, but instead of a doctor, it would be you know
Somebody that would that would be like one of your customers be like I went to the doctor and I'm never gonna go back again
Because I fixed my foot pain on my own boom completely new archetype new messaging
Even though it's the same format that is still classified as a new concept, okay?
Another way to think about archetypes is the angle because this is they're actually very very similar
The the archetype is basically just the audience's representation of an angle because like I said everybody buys for a different reason
And angle is also an example of a new concept
So I'm gonna pause right here. I can go deeper and I definitely want to get into like the media buying stuff
But let me make sure you guys understand this and like answer some some questions real quick
So
Somebody asked but it can be the same angle you could have something be the same angle
It's still be a new concept because you change something more drastic such as the format so
Like I said angle as well can be a completely different so you can have a different angle be a new concept if you if it's like
Completely different from anything they've done, but you can also have the same angle in a new format
That is generally a new concept that you're testing
So if you guys haven't seen I post this on Twitter and also on my on my email list with if you want to join the link is in the description here
But the way that I think about new concepts is essentially
synonymous with what I call quantum leaps
So
So I posted this like I said a few different places, but the concept of quantum leaps is that everybody at some point they're gonna reach this
The ceiling when it comes to scaling their brand maybe it's 1k day maybe it's 10k day maybe it's 100k day
Everybody's gonna reset ceiling like you launch a new creative some new funnels
You scale up your double trip your budgets, and then you can't scale beyond that point
This happens everybody
If you want to break through that barrier
Are you gonna break through that barrier by testing these tiny
Micro variations of your ad or of your funnel?
No, you're not you need to test things that are more drastic you need to test at the extremes
So this is my general philosophy around split testing
I think that I'm a huge fan of split testing
But specifically split testing things more drastic especially when you reach this barrier to scale
Like the the tiny small increments and improvements with testing variations
It will have an impact, but it's going to be small
It's not gonna be what gets you from you know 10k day to 50k day or from 50k day to 100k day
The big quantum leaps are gonna be the things that completely
Change everything for you and actually help you break through and explode through that ceiling to the next level
This is the same concept like this this quantum leaps concept is very tied into the andromeda update because you should be focusing on the
Levers that have more leverage that are going to provide a bigger impact to your brand
And that's not gonna be like split testing 30 different hooks for one of your ads for you to maybe squeak out one winner
That's not gonna scale you to the next level
You need you need like 10 winners you need like 20 or 30 new winners to get to the next level
And that's not gonna come just from these micro split test. It's gonna be from new concepts
Dalton, but what happens when you find a winner within the new concept test? Do you isolate variables?
How do you isolate variables and tell what's working?
Great question
You can't so it's not like a controlled split test because you're testing usually with new concepts
You're testing a bunch of different things you could be testing a new script with a new angle and a new format
But that's kind of the point the point is like there's there's less kind of
There's less ability for you to use the scientific method when it comes to split testing with your independent and your
Dependent variables because you're changing a bunch of things at the same time, which personally
Like my OCD ask fucking logical brain. I don't like that
But I don't it doesn't matter what I like
Ideally like you can split test everything like one by one and eventually find this perfect combination of a nav
You split tested a hundred hooks a hundred bodies a hundred CTAs a hundred thumbnails a hundred ad copies
And you finally found like this person this perfect version. That's not what's working anymore
If you want to try that like totally be my guest, but just based off the way logically that this algorithm works
It's gonna it's gonna bundle all of those variations of the ad into the same
Bucket into the same container and you're not going to make any meaningful changes doing that
So once you do find that new concept that is a winner
That's when you can go to the 80 20 and begin split testing some other things
But initially it should be like all on these new concepts, right? Take bigger swings
Take bigger swings
I asked myself a question
Earlier this month that has you know after and drama has made me kind of reevaluate how I'm doing my creative testing and that question is
If I only had
15 at bats, right? If I only had 15 chances
To make a winning creative. How would that change my creative strategy?
What I have to like one VSL with 15 different variations of like the first read five seconds or when I have 15
completely unique
Ideas and concepts all within the same campaign and of course it would be the latter because you're taking bigger swings
After you find that one
Format the one new concept that works then you can go and split test some minor things
Then that'll maybe provide a little bit more life. You'll create a few other variations of your winners
But initially my recommendation is completely against that and you just take bigger swings
Question from Hayden does 10 to 15 app creatives also work for brands with lower daily ad spend for example
60 dollars a day. If you're only spending $60 a day, I would I would bring that down to probably about five
Generally, I want to have absolutely these dude
I want to have like 10 dollars of spend per ad so if you set your budget at the you know at the ad set level like this is your
This is your campaign here and then you have like, you know
Let's just say two ad sets for simplicity purposes
You'd have like add one at two at three at four at five
Five individual ads inside of here if you set this at $50 a day
Then if you're to divide equally, which of course it's not gonna happen because Facebook controls where your ads are you know
Which ads it's going to spend on
But if you were to divide it equally it would be roughly $10
$10 an ad I would never recommend
$10 per ad per day by the way
I would never recommend going below that even like honestly that number is still low
But if you're at that low of a daily budget then
That's what I recommend I would never say to go lower than that
Andrew so if I run image ads only in the native format
But I change to angles only and that constitutes it being a new concept or how should I test a new mass desire of new audience within
The same images all right, so you're combining a few things here like it should be generally the same mass desire
Mass desire is like a massive massive lever. That's like what's powering your entire business is one mass desire
Like in the foot pain example the mass desire would be people struggling with foot pain
It's it's pretty simple than that if you went outside of that
That's basically like adding a new almost like a new product line to your business where instead of foot pain
You grab your like back pain. That's not even an angle. That's like you're gonna be selling an entirely new product with that
so same same mass desire
But yes, I would change to it doesn't have to be only angles like I recommend
Experimenting with all these types of new concepts. It's not only the angle
Formats are an incredible way for you to test new concepts
So this is why like the people that have been like spamming these
These native images
It can work but like take that same kind of messaging and translate it to another format
I've been doing that for months and literally like it'll it'll turn a winning you take the script from like one of the static or from the
Aditorial and turn that into a VSL and that can be a new winner for you because that's it
That's a new concept. That's a completely new format, but it's using a proven script
So instead of like only spamming natives try different format of static so not only the native ones
But also these you know, maybe some product aware ones you have the product in the actual native it sorry in the actual creative
In addition to a short form video in addition to a long form video
It's like accumulating a bunch of diverse creatives right back to this back to the sentence here high volume of diverse creatives
If you're only running these static natives
Even if you test like a billion of them you're still pretty one dimensional even if you you test new angles like that's better
But it's still not that diverse. You know what I mean
You
Question from Sina how do you do a b test?
Do you use aptor's or way to set up your media bank?
So I generally if I'm sending traffic to a URL on Facebook
I never want to set up a split test to that first landing page
So like let's say I'm running all my traffic to an advertorial
I don't like running split tests using like an ab tool or even using the features within funnel ish or checkout champ
If that's the direct page I'm running traffic to if it's anything after that page like the the sales page your order page
I will run the split test natively inside of my my software whatever I'm using funnel ish, you know
Shopify
Check out champ etc and you can use you can use ab converter
You can use also intelligence is you know kind of the industry standard. I'll say for that
but generally
Generally like I want to do it at the campaign level either either the campaign level or the ad set level
For doing these split tests. So if I want to split test a new advertorial again
I'm taking a big swing. I'm not just like changing the headline if I was only changing the headline
I would do it in the you know in the in the in funnel ish for example
But if I'm taking a bigger swing entirely new advertorial different headline different story different images different everything
That's an entirely new funnel. I want to test that at least in a new ad set ideally and an entirely new campaign
All right next question. Can I make five unique ads and five hooks for each ad?
This is almost the example that I just fucking said dude
So I would I you can do it right that's but that's it's basically post in drama what the
Algorithm is going to view that as it's just five unique ads. So the other 20
Is going to be my waste of your spend
Now if you want to do the variation testing which is what a hook is a hook absolutely
Classifies as variation testing you do that after you identify your winning concepts because not every new concept you test
It's going to be a winner obviously
But if you do find that new winning concept concept then you can you can take that out and start split testing the smaller things
That would be the 20 in the 80-20 but initially right off the rip. I would not recommend that
I really wouldn't I would go
directly to new concepts and basically new concepts only
Can these strategies work for an insurance agent trying to get leads? Yes, same
This philosophy applies if you're doing e-commerce sass info if you're doing lead gen doesn't matter
It's the algorithm. It's it is
Agnostic to what niche you're running in generally
Ben even with the bad CBCs and bad CTR for profitable let it run for the seven-day window of roast keeps dropping
Yeah, yeah, I would if something is still profitable
A lot of times you have ads that have terrible soft metrics like CTRs low CBC may be a little bit high
But you're qualifying people so heavily that that can be one of your most profitable ads
As long as profitable you're going to want to keep it on like golden golden rule of mediavine grows
If you have something that's working if you have something that's profitable don't touch it and don't turn it off
There's some people that say especially people that are like
You know the medicaggers that I talk about
Generally that kind of thing is
And they're the ones to say like oh, yeah, you can like turn off your profitable ads and
You know just move them into a scaling campaign, but like why would you turn off anything that's not profitable
You
All right any other questions guys, let's see what we got
You
Start up for at four row ass in one day one point five and break even as a one point two
I'm guessing your spend is relatively low in that case and you you want to look at your creatives on longer than like a one day time frame
If I only looked at one day time frames
I would be the most emotional media buyer of all time
But as the quote goes when in doubt zoom out
When in doubt zoom out
So look at larger time frames and you'll see what the real data is actually saying about your creative
You're gonna have days that are good and you're gonna have days that are bad if you only look at good days
And try to compare them to like with the bad days
You're probably not feeding enough data into the machine to really make a good decision
Facebook doesn't necessarily need time it needs data and that's mostly done through
Spend so the more you spend the better day you're gonna have
You
Question from uh, let's see here
Oh, yeah guys I I only have um fuck I only have ten more minutes. So let me let me quickly explain to you
The media buying structure that out that I'll go with moving forward because we've known this for a while
What I'm about to tell you but it's just been so solidified post-andromeda which is
Creative is the targeting
So generally if I am going to be testing new creatives I will keep it
100% prop
Like this I said this before I'll say it again. I got no no shame and no problem saying this the structure of my account is
Super basic like generally my media buying is pretty straightforward. We do do some some cool
Ninja shit that I've talked about before
um, but generally
I can tell you because I've looked at some some add accounts that are like 10 times the size of my once-belling spending like well over
You know 300k per day profitably
And what you'll notice is the same trend the ones that are able to sustain the most amount of spend
They have super duper broad targeting and phenomenal creatives beyond that. It's incredibly consolidated
so
Once you understand creative is a targeting
You realize that you don't have to test with interest you don't have to test with
Anything else other than
Advantage plus audiences
Whatever your demographics are so if you're only selling to women obviously you don't only have women if you're only selling to
Men over the age of like 40 then only select that everything else should be totally broad
So set sets your demo set your demographics turn on advantage plus leave everything else broad
This is
This is absolutely true pro post-and-dromeda so what does this actually look like in terms of the campaign structure?
Let me show you
So let's take
There's a lot of people that are totally ripping with
CBOs on creative testing to this day bro even post-and-dromeda. I don't do my creative testing in CBOs if I am scaling
I will use CBOs, but if I am not scaling
Typically, I still find better results with ABO
So you're going to have an ABO in here
And if you want to still split test your broad ad sets against interest you can so I'll show that as an example
Do I do that? No
So this is going to be super broad a plus and this will be like your
You know your top interest basically
And if you want to stack your top interest you can do that as well
Generally though, I would just say keep it super simple and just have one advantage plus ad set and that's it
So basically look like this. I'm telling you guys. It's so fucking simple. It's like
insanely simple
And then once you're inside you're going to have your 10 to 15 creative so 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12
Let's say 12 creatives in this case
Now for me, you know, I'm going to be testing with higher budgets for my ABO and I want to make sure I have at least for me
I want to have a lot more than then 10 dollars per day per ad
In the ad set budget. So in this case, this would be technically $120 a day
But you know, I'll run our creative tests at like 500 to $1,000 a day because I want to acquire data faster
So that's the entire structure
It's very simple if you want it to be even more of like a medicager and you want to
To test this out yourself the alternative structure would be almost identical to this
But instead of here, let me let me map this out
But instead of ABO, it would be a CBO. Again, you can test this for yourself
Not work for me
But it would be a CBO specifically ASC
Inside you still have advantage plus when you have the same ads. That's it
Like that's the only really change and at this point
It's the same fucking thing because a CBO with one asset is identical to an ABO with one asset
The only difference is in the future we're going to launch additional assets in here
I guess I should say additional ad sets into the ABO
And I don't want the CBO budget like the campaign budget to throttle the other
Ad sets that I'm going to be adding in here
So if I do another creative test in the CBO
Then it's going to be getting the minority of the budget very quickly and I don't really want that
I want to be able to control the budget that I'm putting towards my creative test
So that's why I go with ABO
But again, if you want to be a super duper chat
CBO
You run an ASC campaign, same exact structure, that's how you would do it
All right, there's question
And look at this, look at this wholesome comment man
From Cleo, thank you so much your live stream makes my day less loneliness
You're welcome bro
These lives make my day less lonely as well
I'm just, you know, the dark room talking to myself
And basically, it gets frenic, you know
What the hell is ABO, CBO and ASC?
Brother, you got to do some education
ABO is asset budget optimization, that means you set the budget at the asset level
CBO is, which means like basically you set the budget here
CBO campaign budget optimization, you set it at the campaign level
And then if you have multiple different assets inside the campaign,
Facebook is going to decide where to spend
Instead of you controlling the spend of the particular assets
How can you quickly produce new concepts with creatives?
When testing, how do you source creatives, image slash video
Colby, that's a lengthy question dude
Oh, actually, that brings up a fantastic point
There is one other element to this testing structure, guys
And granted, this is for creative testing
I still like to segment my campaigns by statics and videos
So in both of these examples, let's change this to, let's say this is two ABOs
Whoops
Fuck
Let's say these are both identical ABOs in terms of like their structure
But this one is going to be for images
And this one is going to be for videos
I haven't had a lot of success pairing, image, and video creatives together
In the same campaign because you actually will have them be completely cannibalized
Like a lot of times, Facebook is choosing which creatives to spend on
Based off the soft metrics first, which would be like your CPC, CTR, CPMs
And historically, you will see significantly lower CPMs on your image ads
And compares them to videos
So what that means is you should segment them
Into different campaigns
Or if you run the ABO model, you can absolutely do it at the ad set level too
So like, this would be one ad set, this would be another advantage plus ad set
And you just have all the videos here, and then all the images here
That works as well
So
Sino, why don't you set spending limits on ad set and run CBO?
Dude, I've tried it, I promise
I've tried all the settings that you can have inside of the ad set while running CBO
It still doesn't get the same results as ABO for me
But again, I know people, I've spoke to people this last weekend
That are spending a lot more than me, and literally have like two campaigns
Spending like 300k a day, one is just for static, so one is for videos
That is our entire campaign structure
Both ASC, CBO
And it's all broad, it's like super duper straightforward
And it is scalable
Jared, thoughts on Sora for video ad creation, well brother
I got a video coming out for you
I actually do have a Sora 2 video that is going to be coming out in the next day or two, so
Get excited because that's actually just crazy
All right, a few more questions guys, and then I got to bounce like literally in like a minute or two
Ben, what are cost caps and bid caps?
Cost caps is just you, they're forms of manual bidding
So when you set up campaigns like this, typically you set up what's called auto bidding
And auto bidding is Facebook decides what to bid on your audience
When there is an auction going on between you and your competition to see which ad is going to be shown to which customer
So when you go into manual bidding, that is basically you taking over manual control of the bidding
And focusing it in one of two ways, if you have a cost cap, that means you're only willing to spend
X amount to acquire a customer, and so when you set that a lot of times they literally won't spend
Because Facebook is not able to find a customer for that cheap in which case you have to increase your cost caps
That the the ad creative actually starts to spend
And bid caps is similar except instead of the cost the ad spend it's done at the bid level
So you just send, you just tell Facebook, hey, I'm willing to bid you know
2X my target CPA to acquire a customer
That's it
Have you tried different models like nano banana or Higgs field soul? Yes, I have
I use both of those
Frequently
And by frequently, I mean every single fucking day
And the final thing, I've seen a few people ask this guys, and this is why I got to run
Or I got to run after this fuck what was it? Ah, yes, the geographical targeting so I still
Keep it very broad. I do not segment my geographical locations unless I'm running like a geophonal and an entirely different language
So if you're running in the same language to the same kind of funnel
I'll stack the countries in this same asset here
So if I am running big five I'll have all the big five countries here
All the big five countries here and all the big five countries here
right
Yeah anyways
All right
All right brothers and sisters and legends that is all the time I have for today
I hope you enjoyed this live and um for people that are struggling with in jambada
I think the next few months I'll be honest with you guys. I think the next few months are going to be
Really difficult for a lot of you and even the more established entrepreneurs
So it's survival of the fittest
Only the ones that are most adaptable to change are the ones that will win
So reduce your ego
Have an open mind test new things
And keep fucking moving all right y'all I'll see y'all in the next one